we launched a product called the ad planner
which we are really excited about
and so it allowed or small business owners to go online
identify who putting it in zip code and area that they want to reach it help them identify an audience segments so once again they can still
Target a specific audience
upload creative put in a credit card
and off they go
that product alone has opened up a
a wide pool for us right we are now reaching client that we did not service at all before brand new brand new brand new
folks. Cause we can use our with data
to make the opportunity available
We hope to
bring them on board
we develop products that allow our advertisers to
Target to use our data
to use the
medium the way that they were using their digital
they they saved their
gravitating to it right because they always
Embrace television but now they can use TV to help
go further down there marketing
funnel no longer just top of the funnel is no longer just
brand now they can use it towards
true conversion
NOTE lang en